Epobutt bugfix (#6625)
mne-tools/mne-python: doc/whats_new.rst

Bug
~~~

> - Fix horizontal spacing issues in :func:`mne.viz.utils._plot_psd` by `Jeff Hanna`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix horizontal spacing issues in :meth:`mne.io.Raw.plot_psd` by `Jeff Hanna`
```

```

don't document the private function but the function in the public API.
